# The women in my Life
## *This is dedicated to all the women in my life. Their significance is not relevant. If you,the reader ever gets the impression that the writer is a desperate and single man you are not far from truth. This is not meant to hurt or insult anyone or their feelings. These are just the confessions of a guy which found an outlet here.*



#### Aug-17 <br>
Lets start with my current crush. <br>
She is Alisha. <br>
Very pretty. Absolutely cute. Stunning in almost everything. Doesnt matter if it is western or ethnic. Her round/hexagonal specs especially enhance her cuteness. I follow her on instagram. We interact sometimes briefly. Mostly it is from my side. I react to her stories on insta. A few emojis. Thats it. The extent of our conversation. We were classmates once. After I changed schools in class 6th we lost touch and thanks to instagram we got in touch again. I used to hear stories about her though from some mututal friends who were still in contact with me. Stories like her current bouyfriend and usually some third character who was kinda in between those two. Never felt anythingweird then. Only after I started interacting with her that I developed these feelings or whatever one may call them. I pretty sure it is a phase and will pass away. Pretty sure case this is not the first time. I never had the guts to confess my sentiments. Therfore I developed a very good mechanism of dealing with my feelings. I got pretty good at moving past crushes. I think about her sometimes whnever I am alone about her in my room. Nothing dirty. I promise. Gosh this is enough for today I think. I shouldn't think about her much.

#### Aug-20 <br>
The second story.<br>
Anuradha.<br>
The character who has the highest screen time in my story. Saw a movie one day when I was in Upper Kindergarten. The male lead says "I Love You" to the very beautiful and shy female lead. They then break into a dance and start singing that too in a completely different set of clothes. That's how bollywood movies were. So, from there the genius in me concluded that boys and girls become friends when they say "I Love You" to each other and apparently they become pretty good friends. Or why else would they hold each other's hands while dancing and singing. At that time there was only one girl who I wanted to be friends with. Anuradha. I executed my genius idea the next day during the games period. She said that to the teacher. The teacher talked to me and moved on realising it was an innocent mistake. In the later years maybe that wasn't as innocent as the teacher made it out to be. I started noticing her more and more as the years passed by. I sat next to her in class. I eventually became friends with her. And frankly we were pretty good friends. Infact she was a friend of Alisha.The one mentioned above. Up until class 5th we were friends and talked to each other often. She was pretty cute towards the chubby side. Fair skinned. Quite pampered. Atleast I think so. Beautiful eyes.Beautiful is in fact an understatement. I would say they were one of the most beautiful set of eyes I have ever seen. "The drenched leaves in spring sunshine after a brief shower". If I had to describe I would describe as such. Fresh,bright,playful and exciting. The long lashes enhaced her features even more. I always wondered how could anyone be so pious. I was a friend but somehow she induced some sort of insecurity in me. Always tried to make her confortable. I was always of the invisible wall between us. She lived in different world than mine. She looked pretty even when she cried and tears made her eyelashes wet. Her nose would turn pink as a rose in the winter morning. Whereas I don't think was ever a cute or charming male specimen. Atmost I was decent enough to hang around. Her father dropped her every morning at the school. Whereas I was a part of the pack of vulgar and stray dogs who took the bus to school. She was kind and sensitive. I dreamed of being rough and tough at the expense of the manners my parents tried to instill in me. Nevertheless we talked during class hours and had enough fun but nothing worth remeembering. So when I left my first school I lost touch with her as happened with Alisha and was unaware of her up untill a couple years back. I had moved on to new crushes and dream-girls. Never during the next 7-8 years did I miss anything about her. Then somehow I found her on Instagram through suggestions cause we had some mutual friends(dudes obviously). Sent her a request and got accepted pretty quickly comapared to how many years we had benn apart. She was studing to become a doctor at one the good medical colleges in my state. Still looked like a spring blossom on a Sunday morning slightly drenched. The purity radiated from her. Found out from some other guy she was dating Ashutosh, who was one of those bad boys who the sheltered girls cannot resist(as in hollywood teen romances who walks around in leather jackets and is really cool always). Never mind. The line was still flat. Then I found out that the guy was aparently messing around with other girls in his college where he "studied" engineering and Anuradha was unaware about it. Flat and calm line in my monitor started fluctuating. For some weird reason I became protective atleast 2000 km away from either of those. Thought to myself "Why is it the ones who should be shelterd and protected face such things ? Why is the cleaner ones more prone to dirt ? The white and blessed milk gets bad so easily ?" Such questions. I was no one to her and she was the same to me for a very long period of time. Why did I feel so bad for her ? Why did I worry about the consequences of her finding out the truth ? Why did I want to shelter the pot grown plant from the harsh weather ? This was against my nature. I always belived the everyone sapling should know the hardships of the forest soil. It is not easy to compete for space,sunlight,nutrients and even if you succeed there is no gurantee you won't be eaten away by some hungry animal who didn't think twice before munching you away. And yet here I was hoping that this flower shouldn't leave her safe haven and be overseen by a kind individual who kew its worth and appreciated its beauty. A few weeks later her birthday arrived. Saw her story thanking others. Scraped the bottom and collected every bit of courage I had to dm her wishing her a Happy Birthday. And along with that reintroduced myself cause I thought it was only courteous after such a long break. She knew who I was. I felt a pleasant breeze. That too inside a very poorly ventilated room with windows and doors closed. Who knew an assurance of familiarity could rekindle a long lost flame. Didn't talk musch after that. For weeks. Cause I was in my own paradise of garden full of blooming flowers. A message simply reassuring that your crush from all those years back remembers you was enough to deflect my compass. I see her stories all the time. She is into cute animal videos. All I do is put an emoji and never look back to see if see has seen or replied to my rection. Its not like I expect her to. As I said she should associate herself who deserve her not some piece of coal among the rocks. Shes the kind of woman I don't seek out as romantic partner. If I could relive the days of past with her as friend and former classmate I would count it as a blessing to have her in my life. She is treaure not be valued or spent or traded but to appreciate. She is the pink blossom which makes you think how beautiful nature can be. You dont want to pluck it. You dont want to own it. You just sit there for hours and admire the beauty. I see her photos on my feed on rare ocassions and thats it. She lives in some different world. 
